README.md, before:

# Usy's Online Frequency Response Tracer

- All Processing is done on device and no analytics are performed. 
- #### Feel free to contribute or suggest changes
- #### Found a bug? Report it to @usy_ on Discord!

## General use:
- Press "Choose Image" and choose an image to trace from
- Align the top and bottom lines for SPL and Frequency to known values, then input those in the sidebar
- Click "Select Path", then click on your line to trace
- If you find that it hasn't selected the whole line, you can click on the region it has not selected to try to select more (Adjust settings as a last resort)
- Made a mistake? The undo button can bring you back one trace
- Once you're done, press "Export Trace"

## Settings:
### Colour Tolerance:
- Adjust the maximum tolerance for colours that the tracer takes into account when tracing the line
- Increase this if your line is not a single colour
- Decrease this if the tracer is tracing stuff that isn't your line
### Max Line Thickness:
- Adjust the maximum thickness of the line being traced in pixels
- Increase this if your line is very jittery
### Largest Contiguous jump:
- The largest distance in pixels that the tracer will allow as a contiguous line
- Increase this to trace lines that have breaks in them, such as target lines
- Decrease this if the tracer is tracing stuff to the left and right of the line

## Export Settings:
### Minimum Frequency:
- The minimum frequency to export to, will draw a straight line from first data point to minimum frequency
### Maximum Frequency:
- The maximum frequency to export to, will draw a straight line from the last data point to maximum frequency
### SPL Precision:
- With how many decimal places to save SPL values to
### Frequency Precision:
- With how many decimal places to save Frequency values to

## Visual Settings:
### Trace Line Colour:
- Colour of the traced line on screen
### Trace Line Thickness:
- Thickness of the traced line on screen

Commit message:

movement buttons added for mobile

README.md, after:

# Usy's Online Frequency Response Tracer

- All Processing is done on device and no analytics are performed. 
- #### Feel free to contribute or suggest changes
- #### Found a bug? Report it to @usy_ on Discord!

## General use
- Press "Choose Image" and choose an image to trace from
- Align the top and bottom lines for SPL and Frequency to known values, then input those in the sidebar
- Click "Select Path", then click on your line to trace
- If you find that it hasn't selected the whole line, you can click on the region it has not selected to try to select more (Adjust settings as a last resort)
- Made a mistake? The undo button can bring you back one trace
- Once you're done, press "Export Trace"

## On Mobile
### Usage
- Move the SPL and Frequency lines by using the buttons, selecting the line to trace works as normal but may require more tries
### Line Move Speed
- Speed at which the SPL and Frequency lines move at when holding the buttons

## Settings:
### Colour Tolerance
- Adjust the maximum tolerance for colours that the tracer takes into account when tracing the line
- Increase this if your line is not a single colour
- Decrease this if the tracer is tracing stuff that isn't your line
### Max Line Thickness
- Adjust the maximum thickness of the line being traced in pixels
- Increase this if your line is very jittery
### Largest Contiguous jump
- The largest distance in pixels that the tracer will allow as a contiguous line
- Increase this to trace lines that have breaks in them, such as target lines
- Decrease this if the tracer is tracing stuff to the left and right of the line

## Export Settings
### Minimum Frequency
- The minimum frequency to export to, will draw a straight line from first data point to minimum frequency
### Maximum Frequency
- The maximum frequency to export to, will draw a straight line from the last data point to maximum frequency
### SPL Precision
- With how many decimal places to save SPL values to
### Frequency Precision
- With how many decimal places to save Frequency values to

## Visual Settings
### Trace Line Colour
- Colour of the traced line on screen
### Trace Line Thickness
- Thickness of the traced line on screen
